blog(embertimes#149): add writeup on prettier rfc (#659)
ember-learn/ember-blog: source/2020-05-22-the-ember-times-issue-149.md

---

## [The prettiest Ember RFC 💅](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/628)

> By default, the [ember-cli](https://cli.emberjs.com/release/) already provides developers with plenty of tools and settings for linting and formatting of app code via **eslint** and [**ember-template-lint**](https://github.com/ember-template-lint/ember-template-lint). But what if you could come to an agreement on some of the most significant bike-shedding disputes in your team once and for all, including the tabs vs. spaces discussion or the need for the newline at the end of a file?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, [ember-cli](https://cli.emberjs.com/release/) already provides developers with plenty of tools and settings for linting and formatting of app code via **eslint** and [**ember-template-lint**](https://github.com/ember-template-lint/ember-template-lint). But what if you could come to an agreement on some of the most significant bike-shedding disputes in your team once and for all, including discussions about tabs vs. spaces or the need for the newline at the end of a file?
```
